README.md, before:

# decklinkpreferences

A way to set preferences for Decklink cards from the command line.

### Features
Since this is just a proof of concept, we only set the video input port at the moment; maybe other features later.

Systems with multiple Decklink cards have _not_ been considered - in this case use at your own risk!

### Building
The Blackmagic Design SDK is required to build from source code.

Run:
```
	qmake
	make
```
to produce the _decklinkpreferences_ executable.
If building fails, check decklinkprefences.pro for correct paths
to decklink include files and DeckLinkAPIDispatch.cpp (supplied from the SDK);
then run qmake and make again.

### Usage:

```
decklinkprefences [-l] [-p portId] [-s]
	-l           List current configuration
	-p portId    Set input port to one of those listed by the -l option
	-s           Save configuration across reboots
```

It is suggested to first run _decklinkpreferences_ with the -l option
since that will display the input port id numbers that are valid for this device
(probably some subset of 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32). Running with the -p option
sets the video input to the given port but the result is not saved anywhere
and the setting will not survive reboots. Running with the -s option saves
the current configuration so that it survives reboots of the system.

Commit message:

Support multiple cards per system

README.md, after:

# decklinkpreferences

A way to set preferences for Decklink cards from the command line.

### Features
Since this is just a proof of concept, we only set the video input port at the moment; maybe other features later.

Elementary support is included for systems with multiple Decklink cards. However it is untested at the moment
(I don't have multiple cards to test with) so in this case use the -d option at your own risk!

### Building
In addition to the usual development environment (including Qt's qmake),
the Blackmagic Design SDK is required to build _decklinkpreferences_ from source code.

Run:
```
	qmake
	make
```
to produce the _decklinkpreferences_ executable.
If building fails, check decklinkprefences.pro for correct paths
to decklink include files and DeckLinkAPIDispatch.cpp (supplied from the SDK);
then run qmake and make again.

### Usage:

```
decklinkprefences [-l] [-p portId] [-s]
	-l           List current configuration
	-d           Specify device (card) number to operate on
	-p portId    Set input port to one of those listed by the -l option
	-s           Save configuration across reboots
```

It is suggested to first run _decklinkpreferences_ with the -l option
since that will display the input port id numbers that are valid for this device
(probably some subset of 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32). Running with the -p option
sets the video input to the given port but the result is not saved anywhere
and the setting will not survive reboots. Running with the -s option saves
the current configuration so that it survives reboots of the system.
